Darwin (#24)
hercules-ci/docs.hercules-ci.com: docs/autogenerate/DarwinPostToken.adoc

> Save the token to agent-join-token.key somewhere on the machine and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the token to a new file `agent-join-token.key` on the machine and run:
```

[source,bash]
----
sudo install \
    -o hercules-ci-agent  \
    -m 0600 \
    agent-join-token.key \

>     /var/lib/hercules-ci-agent/agent-join-token.key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /var/lib/hercules-ci-agent/agent-join-token.key
rm agent-join-token.key
```
